hello very good everyone we will see how
pass documents from our computer
to ipad through itunes
then as we can see here I have
three new documents
and we're going to use itunes to move them
towards our device
in this case I have the ipad connected to
through the usb cable and I'm in the
application tab in the part of
down where you see the applications that
I have installed
I'm going to reduce a bit of the screen
so you can see how easy it is
pass the documents
from our computer to the ipad
to pass the presentation what I'm going to
do is catch
the power point document and move it in
this case to the keynote application that
appears on the itunes
basically the fact of choosing quina is
because if I take this presentation and the
step to another application like it can be and
movie that is just above
when it's inside the ipad and try
see the content is not going to be possible
because the application that reproduces
presentations in this case is keynote
then I have it here
and I will show you
on the iPad how can we
recover that presentation
here from the ipad we click on
our king out application
and the little buttons that have up to
the left
we have a plus sign we press
and we give the copy button of itunes
and as you see here we have the presentation
we press you start the process of
import
Y
Here we see the classic warning that
there are some fonts that have not
could be recognized
let's say ok and here we have a
presentation
imagine that we want to do now the
process in reverse ie we want
pass it from our ipad to the computer
through itunes
simply by clicking on the icon
that appears above on the left that
has a little arrow pointing towards
top click on the send button
a copy
we choose the presentation and we will
go out
a drop down in which we can
select the itunes app what
we press
It asks us to select the format
we tell you that power point
and with this we already have our
presentation on itunes we are going to
check it on the iTunes and how can we
see we have the presentation that we had
past
and we have the presentation that we just
to move from the ipad to the computer
then once from itunes we can already
tell you where we want to save that
presentation
let's choose the folder we're going to
select the folder
and we already have this presentation here
that we just transferred
let's repeat now the process with the
document and the spreadsheet
then we come to movies
we take the document
and we move it to itunes
we are going to numbers
we take a spreadsheet
we drag
to this light jones we already have the sheet
calculation in the numbers
and the document in the country
we go to the iPad we are going to start by px
we click on it
we give the icon that has the symbol
further up on the left
we tell you to copy itunes
we have here our document
and we import it
it gives us the notice of the fonts that
could not care, come on
and here we have our document
converted from word
that we've gone through itunes
let's do the same for numbers
we open the application we click on the
more symbol
copy from itunes
click on the spreadsheet
and we care about our ipad
we already have here in this case the sheet does not
contained no text but did
it keeps the cells
what's wrong with it
now from movies
a new document
let's choose one of the ones that there are already
here so that at least you see something
of content
we already have it we put documents to us
appears here and we're going to click on the
flechita
send a copy
we press the document and we say
what itunes
shows us the four formats in the
that we can send this document to
through itunes let's choose word
because we're going to open it on a computer
with windows and with office
we enter here
we come
to the country and notice that we already have here
modern report is simply with
click it and drag it
we already have it in our computer
let's open it
here we have the document that we just
to create with combs
this operation works for both movies
as king or as numbers or any
another type of application that is
compatible
as you see
as you see on itunes we have a lot of
Applications
to which we can pass documents
we have the reader we have and very well
We have everything we have Chinese numbers pages
anyway
and many other applications that we can
install to pass these documents